README.md, before:

# (Unofficial) WWII: Operation Whitebox Support for Foundry VTT

Unofficial support for  WWII: Operation Whitebox for Foundry VTT.

## Installation

You can find this Foundry VTT game system within Foundry VTT in the system browser. You could also download the latest archive in the package folder, or use the manifest link below.\
[https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chrisesharp/foundryvtt-owb/master/src/system.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chrisesharp/foundryvtt-owb/master/src/system.json)

You should also install [the OWB Content Module](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chrisesharp/foundryvtt-owb-content/master/src/module.json) for the classes, abilities, and sample weapons, vehicles, NPCs and vehicles.

## Usage

The documentation is available within Foundry under the configuration tab, and also [HERE](https://chrisesharp.github.io/foundryvtt-owb/))

## License

![OWBCL](src/assets/OWBCL.webp)

This Foundry VTT system requires Operation Whitebox:WW2 Rules that you can find [here](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/196284/OWB001-WWII-Operation-WhiteBox).

This third party product is not affiliated with, but is approved by, Small Niche Games. \
WWII: Operation WhiteBox™ is a trademark of Peter C. Spahn.\
Small Niche Games™ is a trademark of Peter C. Spahn.
Used with permission under license.

## Credits

- Thanks to Pete Spahn of [Small Niche Games](https://www.facebook.com/smallnichegames/) for creating an excellent WW2 B/X inspired ruleset.
- Thanks to [U-man](https://gitlab.com/mesfoliesludiques) and his [OSE FoundryVTT system](https://gitlab.com/mesfoliesludiques/foundryvtt-ose/), which was a huge inspiration and basis for this project.

### Icons from the Noun Project

- explosion icon by Nico Tzogalis.
- target by andriwidodo.
- zoom In by Ahmad Romadon.
- fight by Muhammad Tajudin.
- grenade by Deemak Daksina.
- ammunition by Kahalap.
- handgun by Nico Ilk.
- bow and arrow by gira Park.
- hatchet by Nikita Kozin.
- Explosive by Kiran Shastry.
- Shotgun by Andrejs Kirma.
- Gun by Simon Child.
- Rifle by Lluisa Iborra.
- Rifle by Hey Rabbit.
- Machine Gun by Creative Stall.
- Bazooka by Michael T.
- Bazooka by Fahmi ahmad fanani.
- Plane by Mike Rowe.
- Duck Boat by Jonathan Li.
- crate by Deemak Daksina.
- radio signal by Chris.
- Engine by Amethyst Studio.
- Armour Plate by Chris.
- porthole by Tom Van T Westeinde.
- Canteen by Chanut is Industries.
- clothing by twist.glyph.
- Ability by priyanka.
- Compass by Rohith M S.
- Spades by Hada Arkanda.
- Map by Vectorstall.
- Flashlight by Bismillah.
- Backpack by Smalllike.
- Food by Alice Design.
- Radio by Cédric Villain.
- Radio by Kmg Design.
- Whistle by Vectorstall.
- Rafting by Nawicon.
- Fire by Lonewolf Design.
- Flare Gun by Pavel Pavlov.
- Sleeping Bag by IYIKON.
- Pan by Artileri Icon.
- tea pot by Blangcon.
- Shave by Komkrit Noenpoempisut.
- toolkit by Colourcreatype.
- Bolt Cutter by Vectors Point.
- strap by Claire Jones.
- Zippo lighter by Manglayang studio.
- Supermarine Spitfire by Joel Wisneski.
- war vehicle by Mochamad Wildan.
- Jeep by Simon Child.
- Truck by Luke Anthony Firth.
- Car by Yasser Megahed.
- Motorcycle by Jason Dilworth.
- Tank by Claudia Revalina.
- Tank by Evgeniy Kozachenko.
- soldier by Simon Child.
- User by Simon Child.
- Man by Simon Child.
- Detective by Hey Rabbit.
- german shepherd by parkjisun.

Commit message:

add drag-ruler module integration

README.md, after:

# (Unofficial) WWII: Operation Whitebox Support for Foundry VTT

Unofficial support for  WWII: Operation Whitebox for Foundry VTT.

## Installation

You can find this Foundry VTT game system within Foundry VTT in the system browser. You could also download the latest archive in the package folder, or use the manifest link below.\
[https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chrisesharp/foundryvtt-owb/master/src/system.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chrisesharp/foundryvtt-owb/master/src/system.json)

You should also install the [OWB Content Module](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chrisesharp/foundryvtt-owb-content/master/src/module.json) for the classes, abilities, and sample weapons, vehicles, NPCs and vehicles.

### Recommended Optional Modules

- [Drag Ruler Module](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/drag-ruler) for automatic visualization of movement ranges when you drag a token.

## Usage

The documentation is available within Foundry under the configuration tab, and also [HERE](https://chrisesharp.github.io/foundryvtt-owb/))

## License

![OWBCL](src/assets/OWBCL.webp)

This Foundry VTT system requires Operation Whitebox:WW2 Rules that you can find [here](https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/196284/OWB001-WWII-Operation-WhiteBox).

This third party product is not affiliated with, but is approved by, Small Niche Games. \
WWII: Operation WhiteBox™ is a trademark of Peter C. Spahn.\
Small Niche Games™ is a trademark of Peter C. Spahn.
Used with permission under license.

## Credits

- Thanks to Pete Spahn of [Small Niche Games](https://www.facebook.com/smallnichegames/) for creating an excellent WW2 B/X inspired ruleset.
- Thanks to [U-man](https://gitlab.com/mesfoliesludiques) and his [OSE FoundryVTT system](https://gitlab.com/mesfoliesludiques/foundryvtt-ose/), which was a huge inspiration and basis for this project.

### Icons from the Noun Project

- explosion icon by Nico Tzogalis.
- target by andriwidodo.
- zoom In by Ahmad Romadon.
- fight by Muhammad Tajudin.
- grenade by Deemak Daksina.
- ammunition by Kahalap.
- handgun by Nico Ilk.
- bow and arrow by gira Park.
- hatchet by Nikita Kozin.
- Explosive by Kiran Shastry.
- Shotgun by Andrejs Kirma.
- Gun by Simon Child.
- Rifle by Lluisa Iborra.
- Rifle by Hey Rabbit.
- Machine Gun by Creative Stall.
- Bazooka by Michael T.
- Bazooka by Fahmi ahmad fanani.
- Plane by Mike Rowe.
- Duck Boat by Jonathan Li.
- crate by Deemak Daksina.
- radio signal by Chris.
- Engine by Amethyst Studio.
- Armour Plate by Chris.
- porthole by Tom Van T Westeinde.
- Canteen by Chanut is Industries.
- clothing by twist.glyph.
- Ability by priyanka.
- Compass by Rohith M S.
- Spades by Hada Arkanda.
- Map by Vectorstall.
- Flashlight by Bismillah.
- Backpack by Smalllike.
- Food by Alice Design.
- Radio by Cédric Villain.
- Radio by Kmg Design.
- Whistle by Vectorstall.
- Rafting by Nawicon.
- Fire by Lonewolf Design.
- Flare Gun by Pavel Pavlov.
- Sleeping Bag by IYIKON.
- Pan by Artileri Icon.
- tea pot by Blangcon.
- Shave by Komkrit Noenpoempisut.
- toolkit by Colourcreatype.
- Bolt Cutter by Vectors Point.
- strap by Claire Jones.
- Zippo lighter by Manglayang studio.
- Supermarine Spitfire by Joel Wisneski.
- war vehicle by Mochamad Wildan.
- Jeep by Simon Child.
- Truck by Luke Anthony Firth.
- Car by Yasser Megahed.
- Motorcycle by Jason Dilworth.
- Tank by Claudia Revalina.
- Tank by Evgeniy Kozachenko.
- soldier by Simon Child.
- User by Simon Child.
- Man by Simon Child.
- Detective by Hey Rabbit.
- german shepherd by parkjisun.
